                         Offline HTML Viewer v1.02
                         =========================


Offline HTML Viewer displays HTML files without opening the browser.

The Internet Explorer as well as other "big" browsers start rather slowly
when you try to load them by double-clicking .HTML files in the Windows
Explorer. Since they must display HTML pages with highest possible quality
they load an immense amount of data however simple are the actual pages they
are requested to display.

On the contrary, Offline HTML Viewer may improperly display pages that
include sophisticated lay-out or various multimedia effects, but it quickly
loads and displays many .HTML files which are relatively simple by their
internal structure and surely must be loaded in an instant.

The usage resembles that of the Internet Explorer. The only non-standard
option is 'Add to the Shell Context Menu' in the 'Tools' menu. Once you have
selected that option, all your *.htm and *.html files in the Windows Explorer
add the 'View with Offline HTML Viewer' option to their right-click context
menus, so that you can run Offline HTML Viewer immediately from the Windows
Explorer while leaving the double-clicking to still load the "big" browser.

As the program creates some keys in the Windows Registry you may want to
delete them along with the program itself. Before deleting the program's
executable file type

OfflineHtmlViewer.exe -uninstall

in the command line and press ENTER. The program returns immediately and then
you can safely delete all its files.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DISCLAIMER:

BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE
PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE
STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE
PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE,
YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 2002-2004 Roman Pivovarov

Contact Information:

 Web-site: http://roman.stratopoint.com
   E-mail: roman@stratopoint.com
